Roadmap.md, before:

-Create folders hierarchy, some services, mocks.            DONE

-Display all champion names in a game                       DONE

-Use Jest                                                   DONE

-Add prettier + eslint, rules : quotes, commas ...          DONE

-Add husky pre-commit hooks + lint-staged                   DONE

-Add one Cypress test                                       DONE

-Create nodejs proxy server to allow CORS. For some reasons the riot API can be called without issue, unless the response is an error (404 for example).
It should block all calls.
front -> proxy server -> riot api -> request with CORS not enabled -> proxy server -> request with CORS enabled -> front
https://youtu.be/ZGymN8aFsv4

-Add SonarQube : code smells, 70% coverage.
Use mock data json for unit tests

-Add Jenkins integration, Pull Requests. Build should be ok to merge.

-Use riot-api data to create a lot of components, and update them at 5sec interval (no need I think, data might not change with the api)
https://developer.riotgames.com/docs/lol
ultis cds : http://ddragon.leagueoflegends.com/cdn/12.5.1/data/en_US/champion/Aatrox.json
    search 120,100,80
http://ddragon.leagueoflegends.com/cdn/12.5.1/data/en_US/item.json
    Zhonia cd : 	Effect3Amount":"120
    GA cd : 		Effect3Amount":"300
https://developer.riotgames.com/docs/lol

-Use lcu api to create a lot of components, and update them at 5sec interval.
If lcu can't be called (or the user doesn't want to), don't show the related components


Ask for developer key ?

Commit message:

Adapt API calls for node proxy server

Roadmap.md, after:

-Create folders hierarchy, some services, mocks.            DONE

-Display all champion names in a game                       DONE

-Use Jest                                                   DONE

-Add prettier + eslint, rules : quotes, commas ...          DONE

-Add husky pre-commit hooks + lint-staged                   DONE

-Add one Cypress test                                       DONE

-Create nodejs proxy server to allow CORS.
It should block all calls.
front -> proxy server -> riot api -> 
    request with CORS not enabled -> 
    proxy server -> request with CORS enabled -> front
https://youtu.be/ZGymN8aFsv4                                DONE

-Add SonarQube : code smells, 70% coverage.

-Add Jenkins integration, Pull Requests. Build should be ok to merge.

-Use riot-api data to create a lot of components, and update them at 10sec interval (to know when game finished)
https://developer.riotgames.com/docs/lol
ultis cds : http://ddragon.leagueoflegends.com/cdn/12.5.1/data/en_US/champion/Aatrox.json
    search 120,100,80
http://ddragon.leagueoflegends.com/cdn/12.5.1/data/en_US/item.json
    Zhonia cd : 	Effect3Amount":"120
    GA cd : 		Effect3Amount":"300
https://developer.riotgames.com/docs/lol
    -manage errors from api calls
    -display runes, summoner name correctly (main summoner should have a different color)

-Use lcu api to create a lot of components, and update them at 5sec interval.
If lcu can't be called (or the user doesn't want to), don't show the related components


Ask for developer key ?
